Don't go
Mr. Su Qiangshen
Are you trying to steal a kiss from me?
Why are you so thick-skinned?
Because I like you.
Hello
Whose Shen Cang has been picked up?
You haven't helped me kill Sister Shenxiu, you can't go
Master, don't worry
I was seriously injured when I saved you just now.
I'll rest for a few days when I go back.
You must have killed it.
I don't want to wait too long
So you are the wizard
What do you want?
Clean up the clutter
Let's go
Lord Tyrant 2 takes all these unrelated people away
Hey, I'm here to pay.
Xiao Qiao
Is that really you?
I finally found you.
Do you know me?
My water is burning
You saved my life five years ago
Then I kept looking for you, but I couldn't find it.
Xiao Qiao, why are you with Shen Jiujin?
He is my fiancé
Joe, do you know who he is?
He's never that easy to mess with
Not so easy to mess with
I had to be with him.
Xiao Qiao
If you encounter anything, please tell me.
I can help you.
Hey, it's alright.
You may rest assured.
I am strong
Come Home With Me